README.md, before:

This program and the accompanying materials are
made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v2.0 which accompanies
this distribution, and is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v20.html

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0

Copyright Contributors to the Zowe Project.

# Sample React App

This is an App to be run in the Zowe UI, which helps demonstrate how to build an App using React which can make use of the framework objects and features present in both React and ZLUX, the underlying technology of the Zowe UI.

You can compare and contrast this to two other sample Apps:
Angular: https://github.com/zowe/sample-angular-app
IFrame: https://github.com/zowe/sample-iframe-app


This program and the accompanying materials are
made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v2.0 which accompanies
this distribution, and is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v20.html

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0

Copyright Contributors to the Zowe Project.

Commit message:

Document requirement of sample angular app
Signed-off-by: Jordan Cain <jordan.cain1@uk.ibm.com>

README.md, after:

This program and the accompanying materials are
made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v2.0 which accompanies
this distribution, and is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v20.html

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0

Copyright Contributors to the Zowe Project.

# Sample React App

This is an App to be run in the Zowe UI, which helps demonstrate how to build an App using React which can make use of the framework objects and features present in both React and ZLUX, the underlying technology of the Zowe UI.

You can compare and contrast this to two other sample Apps:
Angular: https://github.com/zowe/sample-angular-app
IFrame: https://github.com/zowe/sample-iframe-app

**Note: This App requires the [Sample Angular App](https://github.com/zowe/sample-angular-app) to be installed.**

This program and the accompanying materials are
made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v2.0 which accompanies
this distribution, and is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v20.html

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0

Copyright Contributors to the Zowe Project.
